# CryptoCrystalBall

A framework for predicting entry and exit signals for trading cryptocurrencies (or ETFs, stocks, ...).

It is a development-project still in work, not a finished application!

## Data Source

The crypto history data is provided in .csv files on google drive. You can copy them to your own drive using this Link: [Get the data](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1HUq1YTD_5N4j6a42ZdchUytdTDYVyXce?usp=sharing)

The important folders are:

- train - Data for training
- test - Data for testing
- real03 - Data for double-testing, for example if the model is trained on the *train* data, the trade algorithm has been developed using the *test* data, this one can be used to evaluate both of them

Most work is done in Jupyter Notebooks in [Google Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/), which is able to read and write data from the Google Drive, but also from the Google Bucket storage.

## X_Data_Clusterer

A Jupyter notebook for training a algorithm to cluster X data history frames (generated by the *DataStreamCreator*, see below).

Using this clustering, a historical time-slice can be treated like a tokenized sentence in NLP (if you don't know what this is, see [Link](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/nlp-how-tokenizing-text-sentence-words-works/)) and therefore powerful ML networks can be applied to it.

## DataStreamCreator

[Detailled Documentaion](DataStreamCreator/README.md)

A python class for generating a stream of data tuples for machine learning from .csv files of OHLCV history data. It provides kind of this shape:

    X.shape = (BATCH_SIZE, X_LOOKBACK_CNT, FEATURE_CNT)
    Y.shape = (BATCH_SIZE, Y_FEATURES)

In the **X frame**, the latest element is at "current" time, e.g. "now". The frame goes X_LOOKBACK_CNT-1 elements into the past, like you looking at a stock chart. The FEATURE_CNT describes how many features exist for each timestep, these are for example the OHLCV data, indicators like Bollinger Band or candle signals. They are generated in the [IndicatorCalculator](IndicatorCalculator/IndicatorCalculator.py), for more information please take a look there.

The **Y frame** takes a look into the "future". The shape of Y_FEATURES depends on the chosen method:

- Type 0: Y_FEATURES=?, Categorical future gain
- Type 1: Y_FEATURES=?, Future direction and deviation of direction as float numbers
- Type 2: Y_FEATURES=?, Future gain as float number
- Type 3: Y_FEATURES=2, Entry and Exit signals

The X and Y output of the generator can be used to train a model to predict Y based on X.

## IndicatorCalculator

[Detailled Documentaion](IndicatorCalculator/README.md)

A python class for calculating a bunch of indicators for OHLCV input data. It calculates the signals for three timespans to cover signals at different speeds. 