## **Todo: There should be some doku...**

The `DataStreamCreator` class consists of several sub-classes for generating tick data frames (X-blocks), some future price or trade information for training (y data) and one for converting a file list of OHLCV csv data into a data stream of these two informations.

# XBlockGenerator
The `XBlockGenerator` class is used to generate time-frame slices (= X-blocks) out of a time series table of tick and indicator data.
For this task, an input `pd.DataFrame` `tickAndIndicatorDF` is processed row by row.
It is called 'X' because its purpose is to be used as input data for machine learning networks (== X-data).

Every X-block is created by using a specific amount of table rows, defined by the `int` parameter `X_Block_lenght`.
If the tick data is in hours and `X_lookback_cnt=12`, the generator would return slices of 12 hours.
The step size between the X-blocks is 1, so the resulting DFs in the example would be: 00:00-11:00, 01:00-12:00, 02:00-13:00, ...

## **Todo: Add images of X-Frames**

## **Todo: Add code snippet**


### Requried constructor arguments:
- `tick_and_indicator_DF`: An `pd.DataFrame` containing a time series of tick and indicator data. This table is normally created using the `IndicatorCalculator` class.
- `generator_batch_size`: An `int` variable defining how many X-Blocks the generator shall return on each next() call.
- `X_Block_lenght`: This `int` variable defines how many timestamps each X-Block shall cover. Former called `X_lookback_cnt`.
- `initial_value_norm`: A `bool` value to switch if all indicators included in `Todo` shall be normalized based on the first value in each X-block. This is then done for each indicator individually, the first value is then 0.0, all following are relative to it. Used for volume inidcators with a large spread. `True` by default.
- `limit_volume_value`: A `bool` value to switch if the volume column shall be scaled to a maximum value of `1.0`. This can be helpful as the volume may have a large absolute value spread. `True` by default.

### Returns
A generator, X-blocks can be acquired using next()
### Raises
StopIteration if the tick and indicator table is fully consumed

# YDataGenerator

The `YDataGenerator` class is used to generate future information for training out of a time series table of tick and indicator data.
This can for example be the assets relative price or gain in 24 hours, the direction of movement, or trade entry and exit signals.

IMPORTANT: This class can of course not look into the future, so if you want to output the price in 24 hours, this can only be done until
table index `len(timestamp rows) - 24`, otherwise it would really have to look into the future!

The purpose of this class is to generate machine-learning target data (y-values) according to the X-Blocks generated by the `XBlockGenerator`.
The X-Block contains data from the past, which is known in a live application, while the Y data is unknown in the live application, and therefore has to be predicted.
Here, it can be generated for training purposes using historical data.

As a price basis for calculating the y data, the `open` column of the input table `tick_DF` is used.

Requried constructor arguments:
- `tick_DF`: An `pd.DataFrame` containing a time series of at tick data. Only the `open` column is used.
- `todo`: some stuff

Returns: A generator, y data can be acquired using next()
Raises: StopIteration if the tick table is fully consumed
